On the contrary.
Finally found you
Find me instead
It's all clear
Your mother needs 200,000 medical bills
As long as you are willing to marry our Xiaoxue
200,000'll be there soon
Wang Xue, this is your good daughter-in-law
The foolish daughter of the rich family in the East Village
Although he is a fool
But as long as I marry the damn disease, I can cure it
Thank you uncle
Yo, the female fool in the village is out of line
Who did I think I was marrying?
It turned out to be Zhang University who married us
Hahaha
Where are you coming from?
What am I doing here?
I came to see you marry a fool
Come to see you at night, you stinky fool
Hahahaha
Hero, what are you doing here?
Of course I'm here to cheer you on
I've been sick since I was in school
Everyone thinks you're a genius.
Only I know you're a fucking piece of shit
You deserve to marry a fool
But that's right.
Trash marries fool
Perfect match
Hahahahahahaha, did you catch up?